Fix time intervals to match with proto and time window definition in sum/histogram (#2241)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/datamodel.md

- *Cumulative temporality* means that successive data points repeat the starting

>   timestamp. For example, from start time T0, cumulative data points cover time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  timestamp. For example, from start time T<sub>0</sub>, cumulative data points cover time
```
For uniformity?

>   ranges (T<sub>0</sub>, T<sub>1</sub>], (T<sub>0</sub>, T<sub>2</sub>],

Reviewer: Would for cumulative values the value of T<sub>0</sub> not be included, as in: 
```suggestion
  ranges [T<sub>0</sub>, T<sub>1</sub>], [T<sub>0</sub>, T<sub>2</sub>],
```
etc.?

Author: Based on the proto definition and the specification (other places) it is not.

  (T<sub>0</sub>, T<sub>3</sub>], and so on.
- *Delta temporality* means that successive data points advance the starting

>   timestamp. For example, from start time T0, delta data points cover time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  timestamp. For example, from start time T<sub>0</sub>, delta data points cover time
```
